DesignDoc.md, before:

# Homonym Tracker

## Overview
Create an app that can access the Treit homonym list on iPhones.

## Problem
Treits like to discover homonyms but it's hard to keep track of them all across family members. We need a central repository for discovered homonyms.

## Goals
The app should work on iPhones and store data in a central repository so all Treits can access the current list of homonyms. The base list will be imported from Mom's 75th birthday yellow pad.

## Non-Goals
Commercialization, or expansion beyond a simple tracking app.

## Milestones
June 1 - Propose language and tools that will be used to create the app.
*Exploring Kivy/Python solution - May 22*

June 10th - App can read centralized list

June 30th - App can write to centralized list.

July 15th - Beta version installed on Treit phones.

August 1 - v 1.0 tested and shipped

## Proposed Solution
V 1.0 Create an app that will read the stored  homonym list and can display an alphabetical list of all discovered homonyms. 

V 1.1 add search feature

## Test Cases
Give to Treits
Fix probelems they find.

## Use Cases
### Search for Homonyms
**Actor** User

**Description** - User looks up a single word and the system returns search result. Search result includes related homonyms.

### Browse Homonyms
**Actor** User

**Description** - Display a list of the current homonyms in alphabetical order.

### Add Homonyms
**Actor** User

**Description** - Add homonym sets to list. Sets may be two words or more.

### Add Users
*Actor* Admin

*Description* - Add users who can access the list.

Commit message:

Add homonym definition to design doc.

DesignDoc.md, after:

# Homonym Tracker

## Overview
Create an app that can access the Treit homonym list on iPhones.

## Problem
Treits like to discover homonyms but it's hard to keep track of them all across family members. We need a central repository for discovered homonyms.

## Definition of homonym
For the purose of this app, a homonym is defined in the Treit manner as:

*Two or more words having the same pronunciation but different spellings and meanings. For example, rap and wrap.*

Note that technically a homonym in English may include words with the same spelling but different meanings. These are not Treit homonyms. 

## Goals
The app should work on iPhones and store data in a central repository so all Treits can access the current list of homonyms. The base list will be imported from Mom's 75th birthday yellow pad.

## Non-Goals
Commercialization, or expansion beyond a simple tracking app.

## Milestones
June 1 - Propose language and tools that will be used to create the app.
*Exploring Kivy/Python solution - May 22*

June 10th - App can read centralized list

June 30th - App can write to centralized list.

July 15th - Beta version installed on Treit phones.

August 1 - v 1.0 tested and shipped

## Proposed Solution
V 1.0 Create an app that will read the stored  homonym list and can display an alphabetical list of all discovered homonyms. 

V 1.1 add search feature

## Test Cases
Give to Treits
Fix probelems they find.

## Use Cases
### Search for Homonyms
**Actor** User

**Description** - User looks up a single word and the system returns search result. Search result includes related homonyms.

### Browse Homonyms
**Actor** User

**Description** - Display a list of the current homonyms in alphabetical order.

### Add Homonyms
**Actor** User

**Description** - Add homonym sets to list. Sets may be two words or more.

### Add Users
*Actor* Admin

*Description* - Add users who can access the list.
